# Autogen Blog

Automatic generated content

[autogen-blog.web.app](https://autogen-blog.web.app/)

## What is this about?

This is a "blog" or something. All the content is generated by AI. This is only an expermient.
I will add multilanguage support with AI translation in the future.

## Setup

- Clone directory
- Install dependencies
- Use firebase cli to setup GitHub actions for automatic deployments (optional)
- Setup env openai key (see example.env)
- Setup firebase app service account
- Push to your GitHub repo and/or build and deploy to Firebase!

## Content generation

Using variables **MAX_CATEGORIES**, **MAX_POST_PER_CATEGORY** and **MAX_AUTHORS**, it will generate the content starting with authors, categories and then posts, to fill the max amount. If some document is deleter or a vraiable is agumented it will only generate the remaining quantity. Also, generation is disabled on github actions by default. Feel free to change that.

## How is the complete process of content generation

1. It generates a list of topics (ex: "Money & Finance", "Education", "Gardening", etc.) using this prompt to GPT3 api: "List 30 general topics of blogs and news:"

2. It generates a list of auhtors names and languages example: 
 - en:John Smith
 - es:Juan Perez
 - fr:Jean Dubois
 
3. Then it associates random topics (two or three) to every author.
   Each author will write things related to their topics.

4. It generates a list of categories made with multiple topics. Example: "Generate 10 blog categories based on the topics: 
 - Money & Finance
 - Education
 - Gardening"
 - ...
 - **Result:**
 - Business Strategies
 - Home & Garden & Automotive
 - ...
 
5. It generates a list of posts titles for each category.
   
   For each title and category it matches the title to a author considerint their topics.
   It doesn't work perfectly yet.

6. Having already post title, category, author and language (from the author)
   it can now generate post the content.
   Using all this information it generates the post main content in markdown and generates a summary (not used yet)
   
GPT3 gives a lot of possibilities. The behavior could be different but this is one way to do it.
   

Check **/src/data/generatos.ts** and **/src/data/data.ts** for more details on the functions and the prompts to the api
